DeftBlend 
"Get information tailored to YOU," is the main concept behind DeftBlend.  It is a way for a person to store their interests, experiences, abilities etc and quickly find information online that should match with those interests.  Let's face it, there is a glut of information online and entering a google search for one word doesn't exactly speak to what results should be tailored to YOU the individual.  Imagine the possibilities of searching for information online as an entity as opposed to being known simply as a question like "best places to visit in San Francisco".  Finding causes, meetups, projects, hotels, restaurants, etc online is again prone to the same problem...we are all drowning in information online.  There needs to be an efficient way to have relevant content and information tailored to the individual.  After all, this is a simple concept that is used in the advertising world (often without your behest) in order to target online ads and emails to you based on the advertisers perceived list of your interests.

For example, finding information online about places to eat in SF, should factor into account that you like mexican food, love the outdoors, and enjoy live music.  So why not get results for such restaurants near a waterfront that have live music?  

DeftBlend was originally envisioned as a tool to quickly find and apply for jobs while understanding exactly what skills match your resume experiences in a given job description and what skills are lacking and their perceived importance within the position.  However, DeftBlend obviously has more bigger implications as a way to filter though information and find what is more relevant to you.

All the above sounds great, so let's first create a POC that this is a good workable idea.  Let's give a low hanging fruit scenario to solve with the first phase:

If you work in a tech field, you've done a million things with a bunch of different technologies.  Therefore, how do you recall how well your experience fits a job description?  And how do you keep from having to 100% redo your resume each time just because company B uses 70% different technologies than company A, yet you have experience with the technologies at each company.  And how do you even know how well your are truly a good fit when there are many available postions?  A user should be able to put a master list of everything we've done for this application to manage and match with online positions.  A user should be provided with feedback on what the most important skills in the position are (by technology mentioned) along with the exact lines of resume that would match each required skill.  The user should also be shown which skills they do not have (sort of as a "study" list).  Then the user gets some sort of numeric grading or ranking on which positions match best.  The user can then easily see which lines of their huge "master" resume meet these requirements so a tailored resume can be constructed to exactly respond to that particular job opening. 

[getContent] give a URL and remove the a, the, an, and, but, that, this, these, those and other common english articles and html/CSS/Script/etc tags, see what % reduction there is in the byte count of the file (for grins)
[lowercase] job description or resume element before comparison
[generateTags] from reading job description (count occurence of words and position of word towards top of description to generate an imporance ranking) and generate tag items.  generate tags from resume also, but don't need occurence count or word position ranking
[storeTags] each resume phrase gets a list of applicable tags stored with it along with which job it was associated with.  A coverletter would get phrase
[generateStudyList]after comparing tags from job description and from resume, generate a list of technologies you will need to study along with their perceived importance to the company
